Monday

Setup your interface with the Nav Controller, the photo button at the bottom, and an image view that takes up most of the screen. Use autolayout in code to properly layout your interface
Add an alert controller with the style set to action sheet
Add a gallery action that pushes a gallery view controller onto the nav controller
In the gallery view controller, display at least 6 photos in your gallery (https://unsplash.com is great)
Tuesday

Setup your custom protocol & delegate, which will allow your gallery view controller to communicate back to the home view controller which image was selected from the gallery
Setup a collection view to show filtered thumbnails of the image
Setup your collection view's bottom constraint to start the collection view off screen, and then animate it up when the user clicks the filter option in the action sheet
Following my (insane) workflow for applying filters to the thumbnails. Don't worry if you don't get it 100%, we will spend a lot of time tomorrow going over it and refining it. Good luck
Wednesday

Setup your Share and Done buttons for your home view controller's navigation item
Add a UIimagePickerController to allow the user to take images from their device's camera. Only show this option if the camera exists on the device
Add a third view controller for photos pulled from the Photos framework. Use the same protocol & delegate methods from the galleryVC
Use the SLCompViewController to post a photo up to twitter #ellensburg
When entering filter mode, shrink the main image view down by adding to its constraints constant values. Make this animated (of course)
Figure out some way to apply the selected filter from the filter thumbnail collection view to the image in the main image view
Thursday

Get caught up with everything from the prior assignments
Add the pinch gesture recognizer to your gallery view controller, and change the item size when the pinching takes place
Add a 2nd language to your app and correctly translate your user facing strings
Using the assets catalogue, add 2x and 3x version of your gallery images to your app

Friendship Friday

Extra challenge: Properly orientate the photos that are picked from the Photos Framework View Controller
Another one: Setup another camera view controller with AVFoundation instead of UIImagePickerController



//Extra for me
1. Clean up code
2. Refactor filter function - add helper class
3. fix the Done Button
4. Add more comments
5. set launnching image
